when i was just a little kid
i just jumped to living for the future
so
how do i live for myself
we're 10 years in now
10 years and the dead still have this
world
you really think the world's gonna end
[Music]
i know it is
our dad's in trouble we have to help him
to die we could live
[Music]
we have to be brave in this life we have
simply to exist now in
the light this thing we're doing going
cross country
is big
your friends your sister
they're all counting on you
[Music]
there may not be something around that
corner
[Music]
but sooner or later there will be
what lies ahead and it's not gonna be
easy but
we're gonna make our lives count not
because we're the last generation
because we're in the beginning
[Music]
there's a big beautiful world waiting
for you out there
go fight for it be brave
you